hi I'm Alice from hong kong and this is
my first video here and I'm quite
nervous yes so what I'm going to do
today is to introduce you with what's in
my school back and what's in us guys
back in order to do the guys back
section are invited my brother here so
can you tell us about what's in your
school bag all the Brady Recodo what's
the bad what's a scuba you need to bring
something straight oh oh you mean scuba
okay oh yeah more teachers alright
that's pretty much what i've got I'll go
sure are you serious oh ok let me see oh
who was that this that's just little
facts oh ok let it bags oh forget to
tell you one thing if guys you're
watching I think you can skip it because
it's hexa century for girls to introduce
their backs so as my turn
yeah that's basically was in my back and
actually it's my first video here I
don't know what do you guys want to know
about you can ask for anything like I
can talk about home console a hunk of
kosher basically to fashion stuff DIY
and a lot you name it our challenges
parodies whatever and so it goes like
the videos please give it a thumbs up
because it's my deep up hurry so it
means a lot to me and don't forget to
subscribe to my channel even I have one
subscriber I would continue to do my
videos and what I think is like I
subscribe to a lot because what I think
it's like I can unsubscribe man whatever
I don't like them anymore yeah best
basic client bye guys